What do you call an Altoid that loves word play? A punnish mint.
Alice and Bob are two windmills next to each other. Alice asks Bob what his favorite kind of music is. What does Bob reply? I'm a big metal fan.
If no two people see color the exact same way, what really is a color? A pigment of your imagination.
How can computers get a hangover? By taking too many screenshots.
How do you make holy water? You take some regular water and boil the hell out of it.
How do attorneys sleep? First they lie on one side, then they lie on the other side.
I was sitting in a coffee shop, and Bolero came on. What happened as time went by? Everything started to un-Ravel.
Why don't chemists like puns? All the best ones argon.
How can you tell when a clock is hungry? It goes back four seconds.
What did the buffalo say to his son who was leaving for college? Bison.
What do crows do to warn other crows of incoming traffic in Boston? They shout "Cah"!
What do you call when a married couple fights about whether to add eggs to cream? Custardy dispute.
Why did Pierre jump off a Paris bridge? He was in Seine.
What do you call a book on voyeurism? A peeping tome.
Where did the police arrest the guy making fake dollar coins? In his apartmint.
What is an ethernet? What you use to catch the ether bunny.
What's the name of the Monty Python ministry for beach walks? Ministry of Sealy Walks
What kind of fish you find in a hospital? A sturgeon.
Where do pagans shop to prepare for rituals? Rite Aid.
What do you call it when your enemy comes to town? Arrival.
Why is it okay to be addicted to brake fluid? You can stop at any time.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
What did one eye say to the other? Just between you and me, something smells.
What do you say to a Llama that loves picnicking? Alpaca lunch.
A photon checks into a hotel. The front desk asks if it has any luggage. What does the photon say? No, I'm traveling light.
What condition did the glass blower get after accidentally inhaling? Stomach pane.
What do you call a snail that isnt moving? An escarstay.
Why are corduroy pillowcases famous these days? Because they're making headlines.
Why couldnt the pony sing in the choir? He was a little horse.
What was the mood after the past, present, and future walk into a bar? Tense.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on pizza?  He ate it before it was cool.
Why should you never believe an atom? They make up everything.
Is it good to know sign language? Yes, it's pretty handy.
Why does Waldo always wear a striped shirt? He doesn't want to be spotted.
What is a theatrical performance about puns called? A word play.
Why did the can crusher quit her job? It was soda pressing.
What do you call a broken can opener? A can't opener.
Was it a good decision to become vegetarian? No, it was a missed steak.
Is it a good idea to tell a joke about a dead parrot? No, it is way too macawbre.
How do trees feel in the Spring? Re-leaved.
Why do defense lawyers go out for Mexican food when they're feeling down? To get some case ideas.
How was the sale on paddles? Quite the oar deal.
What'll be the mood after the Devil goes bald? Bad, there's gonna be hell toupee.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He Neverlands.
What do you call a dog magician? A Labracadabrador Retriever.
How many ears does Captain Kirk have? Three, the right, the left, and the final front ear.
What do you call a lawyer who can cook? A sue chef.
What do you call a WWI soldier who survived both pepper spray and mustard gas? A seasoned veteran.
Why do Buddhist monks do not email Microsoft Office files? They're supposed to avoid attachments.
Why do teenage girls travel in odd-numbered groups? Because they just can't even.
Why was Bob surprised when Alice said she recognized him from a vegan meet-up group? He'd never met herbivore.
Why did Anne said her book on anti-gravity read like a thriller? She couldn't put it down.
How is it to have sex during a camping trip? F***ing in tents!
Is there any use for broken pencils? No, they're pointless.
What happened after Sue stayed up all night to see where the sun went? It dawned on her.
What happened to the Catholic after going to a Pilates session? She converted to Protestantism after using the Reformer.
Why did the actuary avoid making whipped cream? She was whisk averse.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
How much did Harry not enjoy computer jokes? Not one bit.
Why did Emily change her phone's name to Titanic? So it'd sync.
How bad are jokes about German sausage? The wurst.
What kind of bone will a dog never eat? A trombone.
Why did the whales cross the ocean? To get to the other tide.
Why did Joe bring an extra pair of socks every time he went golfing? In case he made a hole in one.
Why shouldn't you enter a contract with a whale? The whale will breach.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
Why does the comedian avoid jokes about the unemployed? None of them work.
Why was Sam thrown out of the local parks after arranging all squirrels by height? Because they didn't like his critter sizing.
What did Jon say to his wife after she said she was leaving him because he loved Star Wars more than her? May divorce be with you.
In what manner did the baker swap sweeteners in his recipes so as to avoid customer complaints? Syruptitiously.
How's a jeweler's job the opposite a jailer's? A jeweler sells watches. A jailer watches cells.
Part One: Why can folks never starve in the Sahara Desert? They can eat all the sand which is there.
Part Two: But what brought the sandwiches there? Noah sent Ham, and his descendants mustered and bred.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean...? Ur mother.
Why did Mary get a job at Sullivan's bakery? She kneads dough.
What do you do when you find Niacin and Thiamin at your front door? You vitamin.
Why should you refuse to work with compost? It's degrading.
Why aren't depressed people worried about flat tires? They're always carrying despair.
Why did Marjorie leave her banking job? She'd just lost interest.
What happens when a piano falls down a mineshaft? A flat miner.
What is the name of the condition when a male human turns into a vampire before being bitten? Pemature edraculation.
What happens to Nitrogen when the sun rises? It becomes Daytrogen.
What is the instrument used to measure the quality of puns? A sighsmograph.
What happened to everyone the morning after someone spiked the punch at a roof designer convention? A terrible overhang.
What happened after a Spanish-speaking magician told her audience she'd disappear on the count of three, wrapped her cape around and counted "Uno.. Dos..."? She disappeared without a Tres.
What happens to folks who fall behind their payments for exorcism? They get repossessed.
What was the mood of the antiques collector who found an old Coca-Cola lamp? He was soda lighted.
After David had his id stolen, what did his friends start calling him? Dav.
Why do university administrators love asparagus? It's all stem.
An Englishman, a Scotsman, an Irishman, a Welshman, a Russian, a Latvian, a Turk, an Aussie, Two Kiwis, a German, and American, a Cypriot, an Egyptian, a Mexican, a Spaniard, a Pole, a Lithuanian, a Romanian, a Dane, an Israeli, a Bulgarian, a Serb, a Greek, a Norwegian, an Ethiopian, a Nigerian, and a Chilean walk into a nightclub. What does the bouncer say as he denies them entry? Sorry, I can't let you in without a Thai.
If war doesn't determine who is right, what does it determine? Who is left.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eye deer.
Fiction often talks about the mystery surrounding a departed relative's will. However, most of the time it's a...? Dead giveaway.
What do you call it when a cat wins first place at a dog show? A cat has trophy!
What was Joan known for after leaving her fortune to the San Andreas nature preserve? Being generous to a fault.
What are pessimistic horses? Neigh sayers.
Oil spill relief workers cleaned 15 dolphis with a single box of borax, confirming what claim on the box? That it is multi-porpoise cleanser.
Part One: A Buddhist monk goes up to a hotdog vendor, smiles, and says...? Make me one with everything.
Part Two: The vendor hands over a hotdog with everything, which costs $4, and the monk gives him a $20 bill. After some time the monk asks for the change. What does the vendor say? Change only comes from within.
Doug visited his PCP to address a shrinkage problem. The doctor gave him pills, said he'd be back to normal in a couple weeks and what else? Until then, you'll just have to be a little patient.
Did did the casino restaurant procure beef from cows fed on cannabis? For gamblers who prefer high steaks.
At the graduation party for a medical program that helps doctors deal with patients who fake injuries to get drugs, what was the one thing these doctors were primed to recognize? Sham pain.
Why did the camouflage store kept getting credit card errors? Because their products are in-visa-ble.
How does Satan like his pasta? Al Dante.
How does dropping an ant into a glass of water tells you its gender? If it sinks, girl ant. If it floats, boy ant.
Why don't mathematicians use knives to eat prime rib? They know it can't be divided.
Why do bulls make terrible salesmen? They charge too much.
Do the Dukes of Hazzard ever stop for the police? Not General Lee.
A study dressed people as koalas to see if it made them sound more Australian. Some folks proved allergic to fake fur so they needed to be moved to the control group with regular clothes. What happened to them? They were diskoalafied.
After a Saudi businessman took over a dairy farm, what title did he boast in his business card? Milk Sheik.
Two mathematicians were working on some hard proofs when one of them invented zero and the other said...? Thanks for nothing!
Where did the king keep his armies? In his sleevies.
What do social cannibals like to do? Meat new people.
Why did Snoop Dogg bring an umbrella to an outdoor concert? Fo drizzle.
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and asks for what? A beer please, and one for the road.
Why was the chess grandmaster banned from future competitions after losing a match and destroying the table with a massive hammer? For being such a Thor loser.
What was the chemist's reaction after learning that magnesium formed an oxide layer? OMg!
Why did the young horse practice galloping in private? He didn't want to make a foal of himself.
What should you consider before taking a job at the prison library? The prose and the cons.
What'd the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey!
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks him if he's an alcoholic, given his regularity. The horse ponders a bit and says 'I think not' and poof, disappears. This is where philosophy students snicker, familiar with Descartes' famous postulate: 'I think, therefore I am'... but why didn't I tell you this first? Because that'd be putting Descartes before the horse.
What was my mood after someone broke into my apartment and stole every lamp, flashlight, and lightbulb? Delighted.
An accountant just found a penny in her dryer's lint trap; is she upset by this? No, she loves it when things make cents.
What do you call when a female horse whinnies all night long and nobody in the ranch can sleep? A night mare.
After buying shoes from a drug dealer, Spencer suspects they're laced with drugs. Why? Because he's been tripping ever since.
Why did the army commander order thousands of sapplings planted near the enemy border? He knew the key to security in the region was more infant-tree on the ground.
What happened to Edmund after eating eleven cans of alphabet soup? Consonant vowel movements.
I was gonna tell a joke about Sodium, but then I thought...? Na.
What did we apologize for, late as we were after hitting construction traffic due to a major road paving project? Our phalty tardiness.
Oliver, Liam and Sebastian dedicated months to tracking and comparing the price of Mountain Dew and fresh dill at various grocers. What was the trio's moniker? Dew dilly gents.
After being sentenced to death for driving a train into a ditch and killing dozens of passengers, how come Vance survived three electric chair execution attempts? Like the jury said: he was a terrible conductor.
Why are Lab-Collie crosses so good in teams? They're natural Collaboradors!
What old proverb explains the paradox of the river Vaal, whereby schoolchildren easily cross is while grown men fail, pushed back to shore by stronger currents? The bigger you are, the harder the Vaal.
I bought my friend an elephant for her room. She said 'Thanks!' What did I say? Don't mention it.
If time flies like an arrow; how does fruit fly like? Fruit flies like a banana.
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
What did the optometrist make as she fell into her lens grinder? A spectacle of herself.
Why did the groom cuss the bride? Because it's kisstomary to do so.
At what time do most people make appointments to go to the dentist? Tooth hurty.
What do you call a farm that produces camel milk whose owners were constantly in legal trouble and even sued each other on occasion? Drama dairy.
What do the French call a terrible thursday? A Trajeudi.
After developing a bad case of invisibility, Freya called around several doctors to make an appointment. Did she have any luck? Sadly, nobody could see her.
Why can't bikes stand up unsupported? They're two tired.
What do you call a Norwegian robot that analyzes birds? Scandinavian.
What is the highest form of flattery? A plateau.
After swallowing seven plastic horses little Betty was admitted into the ICU. What are doctors saying? They're describing her condition as 'stable.'
What happens as I suspect that one of my neighbors is adding dirt into my vegetable garden? The plot thickens!
What's the name of the website Alaska developed for the released rare wild cats to help them connect and discover new opporunities? LynxedIn.
Why did several boats end up crushing each other against their mooring structure? Pier pressure.
Why should you never trust stairs? They're always up to something.
What's the best way to send parcels of food to former lovers? Fed Ex.
Joyce and Henry are a cute vulture couple who's been flying from New York to Florida every winter together for decades. One year they realize they're too old to flap their wings accross the continent and decide to take a commercial airplane. When they arrive at the airport and walk up to the counter, the agent, noticing Henry's suitcase, asks if he'd like to check it in. What does Henry say? No thank you; it's carrion.
Why do folks often burn Hawaiian pizzas? They don't bake them at aloha temperature.
What kinds of injuries do you get if bottles of Omega-3 fatty acids fall on your head? Only super fish oil injuries.
How do the Greeks navigate their way to lunch? Using a gyros scope.
Why do I keep failing to exercise even after many attempts? Because it just isn't working out.
What was de scene after an explotion at da cheese factory? De brie was everywhere.
What was said about the fork factory with inconsistent quality control? It was the best of tines, it was the worst of tines.
Why was the pacifist insect farmer fired? Because she wouldn't herd a fly.
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft? Classical conditioning.
What kind of doctor is always on call? An oncologist, of course.
Guy walks into the bar with jumper cables over his shoulder. What does the bartender say? Don't start anything!
After finishing a 4-year stint in the Navy, my friend changed her name from Marie to Mary. Why? It's like they always say, I before E, except after sea.
What kind of grades do pirates get in school? High C's.
What was the mood of a tech executive after attempting to launch many AI products and failing to do so yet still loving these products? Poly AI morose.
What do you call when all the planets in the solar system are grumpy? Negative space.
In a faraway island, a Colobus monkey started a new delivery business after noticing a clear opportunity. On the supply side, there was a rehabilitation facility for raptors who were excellent craftsbirds, and on the demand side, a rare species of dolphins that lived forever and valued crafts. One day our enterprising monkey ran across a sleeping lion on the jungle path, but just as she gingerly stepped over the lion the jungle police stops her. What was our intrepid monkey charged with? Transporting ill eagle goods over a staid lion for immortal porpoises.
Every time Joan makes tea, she watches the tea water boil and says 'RIP water,...'? ...you will be mist.
What prize did the inventor of the knock knock joke get? The no-bell prize.
Why does the nose like to be in the middle of the face? To be the scenter of attention.
Where does a secret pilot spends most of da time? In da skies.
When does a dog's next trip to the yard spells disaster? After swallowing scrabble tiles.
What has never been my forte? Being quiet.
How did the aging old pachyderm felt after noticing her articles were steadily declining in popularity? She felt increasingly irrelephant.
How would you summarize the story of a new human-egg harvesting chain that has pushed all its competitors out of business? They took ova.
Why-oh-why does Joe, whose sole superpower is eating copious amounts of fish eggs, keeps having hot dates night after night? He's quite the roemancer.
Why did Jane, historically very shy, joined dozens of clubs and went partying every night after learning how to make pesto? She consumed too much extroversion olive oil.
After investing in beef, chicken, and vegetable stocks, what did Bob become? A bouillonaire.
When it comes to 'nature' vs 'nurture', one's preference for taking an elevator over an escalator is surely due to what? A difference in upbringing.
A woman walks into the ER and sits down. After a moment, she shouts “Shouldn't!” A minute passes. “Can't! Wouldn't!” Another minute. “Oughtn't! Could've! Won't!” A doctor finally dashes over to her. What does the doctor shout? Somebody call the maternity ward! This woman's having contractions!
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
What do tadpoles, who are natural storytellers, lose when they get older? Their tales.
If geology rocks, what is geology? Geology is where it's at.
Why wasn't Andrew too disappointed when during a consulting trip, instead of sending a car to get him from the airport, the company send out a harlequin? Because it was still a nice jester.
What happened to the flat Earther who decided to walk west to see the end of the world? In the end, she came around, and the only thing she had to fear was sphere itself.
A Vietnamese Restaurant hired people to stand in a line that wraps around the building just to seem more popular. What do you call this line? Pho queue.
What should you do to avoid negative numbers? Stop at nothing to avoid them.
What did the police suspect after finding a misspelled message written in blood at the crime scene? They suspected it was a type O.
Why are the deaf better at trigonometry? Because they know sine language.
Why would you give viagra to an iguana? To treat reptile dysfunction.
How do you catch a one-of-a-kind rabbit? Unique up on it.
Why can't Paula stop putting things in storage underneath the roof? Becahse she's attic-ted.
What do you call a small soda without a tiny apple floating inside? Miniappleless Minisoda.
Why did I fire my masseuse? He just rubbed me the wrong way.
What do you call the lettuce left over after you make a salad? Romainder.
How would you describe Larry's situation after losing the ability to hear low and mid-range frequencies? A world of treble.
Why does the Little Mermaid wear Sea Shells? Because D shells were too big!
Why don't tennis players get married? Because love means nothing to them.
Why did the ghost cross the road? To get to the Other Side.
What is the problem with the fact that there are competing origins for the expression “in a pickle”? Pickling one is a real dill-emma.
What should you do when attacked by a troupe of circus performers? Go for the juggler.
What do you call having too many dogs? A roverdose.
What's the difference between Batman and a shoplifter? Batman can go into a store without Robin.
Why did the patron at the Indian restaurant ask so many questions about the menu? He was just curry-ous.
Why should you never trust a statistician? They're always plotting something.
What happened after the lions, antelopes, elephants and wildebeest that escaped from the Atlanta zoo? They found them all in Savannah.
What's the toll-free number for the Overeaters Anonymous organization? 888-888-8888
Why are the police working tirelessly to find the thief? Because he robbed their wheels.
If your husband doesn't appreciate tropical fruit puns, what should you do? Let the mango.
What to do if you can't master the guitar? Don't fret.
Why did the D.A. seek a tough sentence? The defendant was an English professor.
Why did Betty start a chicken dating site after going through some financial troubles? To make hens meet.
Why are most Himalayan mountains other than the tallest one always tired? They don't Everest.
What can be said about the only unit left without a tenant in an apartment building? Last, but not leased.
Where is Roger now, after getting injured in a bizarre Peek-A-Boo accident? He's in ICU.
How are life and beer similar? Chill for best results.
What is the Pillsbury doughboy to me? My roll model.
After a brief crime spree, what was the bandit charged with? Stealing underwear.
What did the folks at a protest to boycott shampoo demand? Real poo.
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? A fizzicist.
What are Alaskan eye doctors? Optical Aleutians.
What's something you should be wary of wearing during a pandemic? A shoe!!
Why did Amy buy a nine-headed pet after moving to the desert? To stay hydrated.
A wealthy farmer, seeing his two boys having no direction in life, decides to buy them a cattle ranch, so they can raise the beef that they so enjoy eating. His only ask is that they call it 'Focus' - why? Focus is where the sun's rays meet.
Why did the claustrophobic decide to become an austronaut? Because she needed some space.
What section of the party was the comedian responsible for? The punch line.
The driverless car company Waymo recently opened up their ride-hauling app to everyone in San Francisco and the wait times for a ride are getting increasingly long. What should Waymo do to mitigate this? Add Waymo cars to the streets.